I didn't expect my sister to have such a good relationship with my grandmother
My sister left the Bai family and came to the hospital to see you
If you don't know, you think grandma has a shut mouth
I didn't mean that.
Yaoyao is right
I think this Ou Yan is touching the old lady's inheritance
Hurry up and transfer the old lady to the hospital.
That Ou Yan checked only half of it.
The old lady is not so eccentric enough
What if you gave him your inheritance?
You're right actually.
I'll do it now.
Han Yicheng, I'll do a career change
The old lady's situation is not suitable for changing careers
If you don't transfer
I'm afraid someone will pester him
Affect his recovery
Are you talking about Oyan?
I think he cares more about the old lady than you do
If you are really good for the old lady
Let him stay in the gold card
Medical equipment and doctor resources in other hospitals
Far better than entering the card
If you have to transfer
In less than a week
I'm afraid the old lady will let go and not return it
Right?
Let's stop contagious then.
What about asking him to take the trouble of his life?
Hey they don't scare me in their life
No matter what scares the old lady
Russia Now
30% of this old lady's hand is worth 300 million
I sent someone to check
He secretly took advantage of it before he was hospitalized
So much for the euro
It will definitely give a lot of wealth to the euro
We need to train him well
Let him transfer the property to us
This old lady is so old-fashioned
It's better and better for an outsider than for yourself